Action Item: Action Item
    Item Date: Date Created
Action Item: Friday Architecture White Paper Meeting restart.
    Item Date: 2021-12-01
Action Item: Technical focus - architecture discussions - more frequent meetings. 
    Item Date: 2021-12-01
Action Item: Conference talks reading/watching group. 
    Item Date: 2021-12-01
Action Item: Finding more ways to have developer open-ended discussion. 
    Item Date: 2021-12-01
Action Item: Revist the agenda for next time: @Chrissy and @Jessica - Break out sessions for both days? A little more time in breaks? Maybe day 2 quarterly. 
    Item Date: 2021-12-01
Action Item: Two days half day while virtual. 
    Item Date: 2021-12-01
Action Item: Create a shared doc for conferences and where people are going, attending, speaking, etc.
    Item Date: 2021-11-15
Action Item: Schedule a meeting on professional development
    Item Date: 2021-11-15
Action Item: Ask UCLA for documentation feedback. 
    Item Date: 2021-11-15
Action Item: Keep prodding each other about documentation when lacking. 
    Item Date: 2021-11-15
Action Item: Future sprints should include a documentation ticket to help improve the integrity of our documentation. 
    Item Date: 2021-11-15
Action Item: Jessica to schedule a meeting about onboarding processes. How do we get our technical contributors productive and successful at the start. 
    Item Date: 2021-11-15
Action Item: Talk about products in production in the break-out sessions on Wednesday's All Hands. 
    Item Date: 2021-11-15
Action Item: Jessica to schedule new staff onboarding conversation
    Item Date: 2021-11-02
Action Item: Join Samvera Documentation IG/WG
    Item Date: 2021-11-02
Action Item: Make Hyrax image ad chart publishing a dev congress topic.
    Item Date: 2021-11-02
Action Item: Start talking about common off-cycle work before each workcycle ends.
    Item Date: 2021-11-02
Action Item: tom will plan to present to the Surfliner team about ingest. Surfliner Brown Bags?
    Item Date: 2021-11-02
Action Item: schedule a meeting including Gabriella to plan UCSD's move to Comet production. What is MVP? What are the features that we should focus on to make Comet exciting to UCSD stakeholders.
    Item Date: 2021-11-02
Action Item: start holding MRs with user facing changes for PO acceptance 
    Item Date: 2021-10-12
Action Item: spend some time in the last sprint optimizing comet CI
    Item Date: 2021-10-12
Action Item: keep on pairin'
    Item Date: 2021-09-28
Action Item: make sure every dev has a working dev environment
    Item Date: 2021-09-28
Action Item: fix up dev env docs now that we're on Compose
    Item Date: 2021-09-28
Action Item: what doesn't kill you makes your dev env stronger?
    Item Date: 2021-09-28
Action Item: stack full glasses
    Item Date: 2021-09-28
Action Item: keep talking about deploy status in response to slack notifications
    Item Date: 2021-09-28
Action Item: swarm quickly when finding hyrax dev challenging. goal of swarms should be to fix the sign posts
    Item Date: 2021-09-28
Action Item: More pairing, less struggling...
    Item Date: 2021-09-15
Action Item: CLose k3d related tickets; declare k3d env unmaintained.
    Item Date: 2021-09-15
Action Item: Reinstate docker-compose
    Item Date: 2021-09-15
Action Item: Surfliner beach party.
    Item Date: 2021-07-27
Action Item: Feel out admin interest in some kind of agile training.
    Item Date: 2021-07-27
Action Item: Don't be afraid to communicate the same thing repeatedly across channels
    Item Date: 2021-07-27
Action Item: In prep for August meeting, do some strategic communications brainstorming. Jessica to setup a meeting to do this.
    Item Date: 2021-07-27
Action Item: Look into pipeline optimizations. Builds are starting to look slower than we're accustomed to.
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: keep naming sprint goals. continue to frame sprint reviews around them.
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: Make tickets for: test DB, test Bucket, test Solr collection
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: consider doing documentation as part of swarm efforts
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: Get chart and image publishing into Hyrax's CI pipeline
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: Work on Hyrax Yard Docs
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: Help build a single on-ramp to Samvera devs. How do we want to do this?
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: Start a k8s lessons learned document in the Surfliner repository
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: Capture the need for k8s capacity reservations in a ticket.
    Item Date: 2021-07-13
Action Item: Schedule Quarterly/Workcycle Demo
    Item Date: 2021-04-27
Action Item: Have a Surfliner Party?
    Item Date: 2021-04-27
Action Item: Make a ticket to refine k3d dev environment (tom)
    Item Date: 2021-04-27
Action Item: Set sprint goal to help everyone close a ticket in sprint 2
    Item Date: 2021-04-13
Action Item: Check-in about external commitments/burdens during standup 
    Item Date: 2021-04-13
Action Item: Plan code tours for Hyrax.
    Item Date: 2021-04-13
Action Item: Keep doing clear sprint goals. Talk together about the path to achieve them.
    Item Date: 2021-04-13
Action Item: Seek each others' help when stuck.
    Item Date: 2021-04-13
Action Item: ONBOARDING. What are we doing? For the love. 
    Item Date: 2021-02-09
Action Item: We include the devops tickets in regular sprints. But alllllllso do a tech debt type sprints. 
    Item Date: 2021-02-09
Action Item: Onboarding documents for general dev, devops, etc. 
    Item Date: 2021-02-09
Action Item: Document the existence of the sec channel. 
    Item Date: 2021-02-09
Action Item: be kind to ourselves; be kind to each other
    Item Date: 2020-12-15
Action Item: Tom B to set up a drawing of the Shoreline architecture meeting at the end of the sprint (meeting). 
    Item Date: 2020-11-10
Action Item: Local devops work (UCSB). Meeting with Chrissy on cluster work and monitoring, etc. 
    Item Date: 2020-11-10
Action Item: Tom and Tom to get together to talk about the Comet presentation and shift of perspective. 
    Item Date: 2020-11-10
Action Item: Blog post on why we ask for user stories if we're not going to incorporate them? Why do we invite people to kickoff if they're not going to be on the sprint team? 
    Item Date: 2020-11-10
Action Item: Verify. Sprint 1 for Comet - Calendar - dates of sprints, spring break, and curtailment. 
    Item Date: 2020-11-10
Action Item: Lark Sprint Planning - Jessica to check calendar to make sure everything is lined up. 
    Item Date: 
Action Item: 
    Item Date: 2020-11-10
Action Item: Swarming when necessary, bringing issues up in Slack and calling attention to that. And then brining up it up in the next standup to see if priorities have adjusted. 
    Item Date: 2020-11-10
Action Item: Jessica to make a meeting to discussed deployment of Lark/EZID and Starlight issues. 
    Item Date: 2020-11-10
Action Item: Documentation for helm geoserver (solr and zookeeper deploys). Samvera dev congress - a ticket for the community. Big conversations on who owns that - How do we make that chart something to be deployed and not eat up all your memory? 
    Item Date: 2020-10-20
Action Item: Establish service-level objectives for Shoreline. I think this is probably true for both campuses. 
    Item Date: 2020-10-20
Action Item: Do MRs continue to be blocked? Do we need to do more knowledge transfer? Does this continue to be a problem after next sprint review? (lark)  
    Item Date: 2020-10-20
Action Item: Having an architecture and code review at the beginning of a sprint if we haven't touched the product in a while has a big pay-off. 
    Item Date: 
Action Item: 
    Item Date: 2020-10-20
Action Item: Matt will propose a meeting around helm chart upgrades requiring manual intervention (Tom, Alex, Josh, Ron/Thor)
    Item Date: 2020-08-11
Action Item: Matt will add a cross-institution email discussion topic to our gitlab issue for the next Surfliner Project meeting. Ensure UCLA (and others as needed) are invited
    Item Date: 2020-08-11
Action Item: Tom will work on deploying a production Starlight documentation instance in k8s
    Item Date: 2020-08-11
Action Item: licensing pair programming tools
    Item Date: 2020-02-18
Action Item: Matt will create a surfliner board ticket for PM related-roles that are currently un-assigned or under-assigned. How can we make this work visible?
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Tom B to draft stakeholder communication timeline for the post-requirements gathering phase. Aim to create opportunities for people on the periphery to become involved, offer feedback, and incorporate our plans into theirs
    Item Date: 2019-11-08
Action Item: Tom B. to summarize implementation variance; plan surfliner presentation for before initial development.
    Item Date: 2019-11-19
Action Item: Sit down and talk about what it takes to become involved in Surfliner (internal sense of model and how we can accept contributions)
    Item Date: 2019-03-21
Action Item: Push longer blocker discussions into other channels (other than stand-up).
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Invite Scott Smith to appropriate standing meetings
    Item Date: 2019-03-21
Action Item: Chrissy to write a ticket to document what we would like to see in terms of starlight sample items 
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: Chrissy or Jess to work on blog post about turning sprint planning document into a ""How we work together"" blog post
    Item Date: 2019-03-21
Action Item: Tom J to start a Slack discussion communication and documentation issues; newly onboarded POs might not have a good sense of how to approach Surfliner transparency practice
    Item Date: 2019-11-08
Action Item: All: keep an eye on ticket size. Break down tickets more readily.
    Item Date: 2019-11-19
Action Item: Tom J. to deliver staging!
    Item Date: 2019-11-08
Action Item: Chrissy will propose a PO & Tech Lead virtual coffee hour?
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: tech leads, POs discuss possibility of sprint extension
    Item Date: 2020-03-17
Action Item: Tom J.: Put deployed environments in a clear place. Is this README?
    Item Date: 2019-12-04
Action Item: Vivian will explore atom, zoom for driving pair programming. 
    Item Date: 2019-03-07
Action Item: Make sure dependencies are known for librarians so that things can be juggled. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-27
Action Item: Let's make sure the surfliner instance of starlight has all campus themes for testing purposes
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: Let's plan to do sprint planning and demos at time slot where DSU is on those days
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: Tom & Jessica sprint grooming and sprint planning, more transparency with the user stories. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-27
Action Item: Tom has put time on his calendar and made it public for pair programming!
    Item Date: 2019-02-27
Action Item: schedule retros after demos
    Item Date: 2020-04-14
Action Item: Create a ticket for a metadata documentation site for Lark. Tom/Jessica/Chrissy
    Item Date: 2019-03-07
Action Item: Chrissy to update readme with purpose of each meeting and required/optional attendees
    Item Date: 2019-03-21
Action Item: Shoreline: assert resourcing needs for Feb Cycle
    Item Date: 2019-12-04
Action Item: Is there a way to consolidate so that they don't need to be on every sprint. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-27
Action Item: End standup with action items for each person. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-26
Action Item: Tom will follow up with Jessica on #270, to schedule regular sprint meetings as standing.
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Explictly assign high-level/champion-level blockers to people at stand-up. 
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Unpack the CI/CD infrastructure in person and dependancies on norm and conventions (see runner issues) and see if we can prevent this in the future. 
    Item Date: 2019-05-16
Action Item: We created a board for surfliner wide issues, but no one owns that board.
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Tom will update so tickets automatically go to deploy. 
    Item Date: 2019-03-07
Action Item: Chrissy will add future sprints to GitLab milestones using this pattern
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: Make tickets external to UCSB/UCSD library as a priority so we can resolve earlier. 
    Item Date: 2019-03-07
Action Item: Chrissy will talk with John about putting pressure on Matt Hall regarding Shibboleth. Campus security policy vs storing user credentials in a DB. LDAP doesn't even work. 
    Item Date: 2019-03-07
Action Item: Reduce single-person bottlenecks; do more knowedge sharing.
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: clean up old action items
    Item Date: 2020-02-18
Action Item: Getting a yes for gatekeepers for community development before investing development. 
    Item Date: 2019-05-16
Action Item: Explore an alternative to Shib (perhaps Google). 
    Item Date: 2019-05-16
Action Item: Ensure blockers are clearly understood and marked at planning.
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Tom will work with Jessica on documenting how we get standing sprint meetings on the calendars of relevant parties. Consider linking calendar invite files from top-level README.md
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Reach out to UC DLFx planners to see if we can add a Surfliner lunch to the calendar on Wednesday
    Item Date: 2019-03-21
Action Item: Matt: Create a ticket in backlog about Runner maintenance and how we can do better
    Item Date: 2020-06-30
Action Item: More planning/articulation of tickets on Lark
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Let's not schedule sprints the week before they are to begin in the future
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: Follow up about PO Guidelines
    Item Date: 2019-12-04
Action Item: Alex: Explore alternative to self-calendaring (3rd-party calendar, Slack bot/plugin, ?)
    Item Date: 2020-06-30
Action Item: Michael to open a discussion a more robust PO onboarding process (and for everybody).
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Matt to write ticket about need to have a discussion about ongoing maintenance needs when team is off 
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: More transparency on preparing the tickets in preparation for Sprint planning. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-26
Action Item: Keep report-outs focused in stand-up, feel free to pass.
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Chrissy to share handouts from this week's PO training.
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Which parts of the CI/CD stack do want to own locally (or outsource)? 
    Item Date: 2019-05-16
Action Item: Backlog grooming with the whole development team.
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Bringing community (Spotlight, Samvera, etc) in earlier with projects that might need MR into the base code. Discuss how to communicate with community in future work cycles. 
    Item Date: 2019-05-16
Action Item: We need to improve UCSD feedback loop for starlight
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: Tom to loop Jessica and Michael in on UCSB's gantt chart discussions.
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Use the blocked tag.
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Clarify public stand-up and meetings for the sprint team. 
    Item Date: 2019-05-16
Action Item: Next two weeks - Establish developer cadence and expectations - Matt & Tom
    Item Date: 2019-02-26
Action Item: Chrissy to talk to John A. about travel funding for Tom to UC DLFx
    Item Date: 2019-03-21
Action Item: Chrissy and Jessica to work on a central place for info
    Item Date: 2019-02-27
Action Item: Matt to write ticket about nightly builds
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: Chrissy will draft an email discussing the need to revisit the existing Surfliner timeline in light of individual commitments.
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Force discussion on meta-Work Cycle planning issues
    Item Date: 2019-12-04
Action Item: Assignees and status of tickets and talking about what tickets we're working on DURING stand-up. 
    Item Date: 2019-03-07
Action Item: knowledge transfer in case of PO/tech lead illness
    Item Date: 2020-03-17
Action Item: Evaluate whether a public standup is necessary for next products and sprints? 
    Item Date: 2019-05-16
Action Item: Tom, Matt and Alex to discuss the spotlight fork. #277
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Everyone on the team has a task that they can accomplish during the sprint. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-26
Action Item: Explicit on which tasks we're on in the board. ""I am working on #X."" 
    Item Date: 2019-02-26
Action Item: Work on scheduling a team meeting at UC DLFx
    Item Date: 2019-03-21
Action Item: Screen share the board on standup. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-26
Action Item: Give a couple weeks notice for SME's and librarians who need to work on something in a sprint and give them an idea of what to expect. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-27
Action Item: Next 2 weeks - Forum for discussion on how we all work together - Chrissy & Jessica
    Item Date: 2019-02-26
Action Item: Assign a short process reading; get this in project documentation.
    Item Date: 2019-04-04
Action Item: Matt to check with surfliner channel about changing sprint cycles to Wed-Tues 
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
Action Item: Tom will schedule a conversation about Aha! What is it being used for, who should be aware of what is in it?
    Item Date: 2019-08-22
Action Item: Jessica needs to set up standing meetings within an appropriate amount of time. 
    Item Date: 2019-03-07
Action Item: Adjust Gitlab notifications for things that don't affect me. 
    Item Date: 2019-02-27
Action Item: Let's try doing sprint planning on the first day of the sprint, rather than the week before and revisit
    Item Date: 2019-08-02
